+++
title = "My Coding journey pt.2"
date = "2022-05-29"
+++

After feeling confident that I knew the SQL commands and could demonstrate them well on W3schools, I moved on to rust. By the way, rust coders being called “rustaceans” brings me so much joy – cute little crab mascot. So far, it has not been super easy for me to remember all the rust commands because there are so many of them. I have kind of a silly fail story for when I first started out. The first project for the rust book is to print “Hello world!”, and I was trying to be silly and said, well why do I have to be mainstream and do what it says? I’m gonna make it say something else! So I had it say something else that made me giggle, but I had realized I accidentally named everything that. The directory was suddenly renamed to those words, and all of my projects were named those words, and I started freaking out wondering what I did wrong yet laughing at the fact that my computer was suddenly saying a very silly thing to me everywhere. Turns out I did not realize I needed a text editor like Emacs to get certain things to work properly and move files around and name them properly, so I was just typing commands directly into a terminal that was just doing what it was told, so things failed horribly but also in my opinion wonderfully as I learned a lot from it. 

After this mishap I learned all of emacs and the commands I could use with rust and holy moly was that helpful; everything made so much more sense. Suddenly I could move things around, create new files, complete the “hello world” project, and progress further in the rust book. The next project in the rust book was the guessing game, which I actually had a lot of fun with, even though it took me so many tries. I failed a lot and didn’t know what I did wrong till I brought it to my mentor who told me I had the wrong number of brackets. *sigh* I was so upset. I had looked over my code and compared for over an hour going, “What the heck! It’s all correct! I swear every word matches!” Lesson 1 from starting coding: be prepared to be grumpy and have everything fail from the tiniest mistakes.

